---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kustomize Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This Kustomization provider is used to build Kubernetes manifests using Kustomization.
  Although there are existing providers, this provider gives you the best DX and mitigate the datasource's read when apply issue.
---

# kustomize Provider

This Kustomization provider is used to build Kubernetes manifests using Kustomization.
Although there are existing providers, this provider gives you the best DX and mitigate the datasource's read when apply issue.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `kubernetes` (Attributes) Kubernetes configuration used in `kustomize_apply (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--kubernetes))

<a id="nestedatt--kubernetes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kubernetes`

Optional:

- `client_certificate` (String) PEM-encoded client certificate for TLS authentication.
- `client_key` (String) PEM-encoded client certificate key for TLS authentication.
- `cluster_ca_certificate` (String) PEM-encoded root certificates bundle for TLS authentication.
- `config_context` (String) Context to choose from the config file.
- `config_path` (String) A path to a kube config file.
- `config_paths` (List of String) A list of paths to the kube config files.
- `host` (String) The hostname (in form of URI) of the Kubernetes API.
- `insecure` (Boolean) Whether the server should be accessed without verifying the TLS certificate.
- `password` (String) The password to use for HTTP basic authentication when accessing the Kubernetes API.
- `token` (String) Token of your service account.
- `username` (String) The username to use for HTTP basic authentication when accessing the Kubernetes API.
